1) I don't want to say that I was a dummy before when it came to the tech industry before F5 began, but my knowledge has expanded hugely. I have a much better understanding of the front and back end of developing and how they work together. With all the learning and practice of JS, HTML and CSS, I feel like I have the skill to actually create something. It's exciting.
2) I don't think I'm a very design oriented person, so that's been a continual struggle. Early on with Figma and now for my portfolio. But with the resources that have been shared in class and learning about the importance of a styling guide, I'm able to get through. 
3) I don't know if I had any big breakthroughs as far as my learning style. I was homeschooled growing up and my Mom wasn't strict about what we needed to get done. It would've been easy to sleep in every day and do the bare minimum while still wearing my pajamas, which is exactly what a couple of my siblings did. With that in mind, that taught me to hold myself accountable and that I'm in control of how much I'm going to learn. That has been helpful to apply to this bootcamp. Something that I had some idea of, but became more apparent during this course, is that I'm a hands on learner. The lectures in the morning were obviously very important and helpful, but coding along during the demo and the afternoon labs were where I was really able to wrap my head around concepts gone over in the morning lectures.
4) From what I understand, Specializations is full of videos so I plan on coding along during them where I can. And then a lot of practice. 
5) I loved pairing up in the afternoon. Not only was it great to bounce ideas off eachother and get different perspectives, but our cohort is full of great people. I'm grateful for the opportunity I've had to get to know each member.
6) First off, let me say that there has seriously never been a dull moment. There have definitely been hard moments, but for whatever reason they didn't really get me down. Maybe in part due to the great support system that DevMountain offers. Each night before class, I was excited for what we were gonna be going over the next day, and to interact with those in our cohort. It's been a really great experience for me. 
I probably had the most fun working on my personal project this week. There were several moments where it became apparent that I knew more than I thought I did, if that makes sense. It's a really exciting and confidence building feeling. Not to mention, I found what I was learning through building my project to be really interesting.